c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\BookVisualInfoWeb.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\BookVisualInfoWeb.pdb
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\obj\Debug\BookVisualInfoWeb.dll
c:\users\elya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\obj\Debug\BookVisualInfoWeb.pdb
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\BookVisualInfoWeb.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\BookVisualInfoWeb.pdb
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\obj\Debug\BookVisualInfoWeb.dll
D:\MacHack2013\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\obj\Debug\BookVisualInfoWeb.pdb
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\obj\Debug\BookVisualInfoWeb.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\obj\Debug\BookVisualInfoWeb.pdb
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\BookVisualInfoWeb.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\BookVisualInfoWeb.pdb
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\mhighstead\Documents\GitHub\MacHack\BooksVisualInfoCloud\BookVisualInfoWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
